>> Todd Gardner: So where we left off is
we're loading our image, our LCP image,
as fast as we possibly could.
It's being started right away, but
it's still taking a really long time.
And so next, we need to figure out how
do we optimize that to send fewer bytes.
We need to send as few bytes as
possible in order to show this image.
And some of you might be asking, wait,
didn't we already add HTTP compression?
Isn't the image already as
compressed as we can make it?
And no, that's not true.
Because HTTP compression
works great on plain text.
But an image is already
a compressed format.
It's already optimized.
And so
if you run it through a text compression,
you don't actually save very much.
It's usually actually a little bit smaller
sometimes, but it doesn't help that much.
So instead, we need to talk about the
images themselves, the images on disk, and
we can talk about one, the format of that
image, and then second, responsive images.
And both of these things
are big performance wins first,
let's talk about image formats.
There's lots of different image formats.
And they're all for different purposes.
They've been built by different groups for
different reasons.
Here is an image.
This is an image of my cool little
sloth logo for Request Metrics, or
one of my emoticons forward
of him with sunglasses.
And so this is the same image
in four different formats.
Exact same image.
You can look all day.
You won't find any visual
differences between these, but
they're all drastically different sizes.
The JPG in this case is the worst,
at 13 kilobytes.
The PNG, which is how this
image was natively, is 5.5.
WebP, which is a broadly supported
web delivery mechanism, is 2.7k.
Or AVIF, which is a newer,
slightly less broadly supported web frame,
web image format,
is 2.6 which is the smallest.
Now, this used to be we talk about
the difference between JPG and PNG, and
the difference was basically photos or
illustrations based on how much detail
per pixel you wanted to capture.
The two frameworks were
a little bit different, but
in the last couple of years, WebP and AVIF
support has gotten really, really good.
And so largely,
we can talk about those formats for
serving the web rather than just JPEG and
PNG.
What you'll see here is that
the difference between WebP and
AVIF is very, very small.
Whichever one,
you can easily use are greatly,
are huge advantage over the other
ones is like, either way,
it's at least half the size,
maybe even smaller.
Now here's another image where
the opposite is true about JPGs and PNGs.
This is a straight up photograph of
a sloth and the JPG in this case is
smaller because it's better at
compressing high detail images.
And so if I try and convert that
into a PNG, the size balloons,
because it's not the right format for
that, but WebP and
AVIF can easily handle either one.
But both of those options,
the difference in size is negligible,
and quite a bit smaller than
either of the other options.
Now, there's lots of cases where
you might not need to use Web P,
you might not be able to use Web P,
and that's all right,
there's lots of other
tools that you can do.
This is one of my favorite
tools on the web.
It's called TinyPNG.
It's at tinypng.com.
And this is just a PNG compressing tool.
PNG and all kinds of other image formats.
And these are the same
image run through TinyPNG.
The left one is 57K, the right one is 15K.
And it's just about running it through an
optimizing for what data is being stored
inside the PNG, you're not gonna
be able to tell the difference.
So if you can't use WebP, still,
optimizing PNG images in their native
format is still a huge, huge help.
So let's talk.
Yeah, so we're gonna do a bunch of work
around image compression here in a second.
But at the same time we're gonna
talk about responsive images,
which is maybe the image size itself
doesn't always need to be huge.
So sometimes we want beautiful high
resolution, high pixel density images.
If I view my sticker store on a desktop,
on my retina display,
I want a beautiful,
high resolution image that looks crisp,
so you can make everything feel nice and
sharp.
And so I might want to ship this
image sometimes at 2800 pixels wide.
That is totally okay.
It's a totally okay thing for
you to want to do, but
a lot of times people will be on a smaller
screen or a non retina display or
something like that, and I might only
ship the same image at 720 pixels.
On desks or on mobile I might ship
a different image entirely at 600 pixels.
Or maybe I'll ship the same one at 300
pixels for a smaller Android device.
So the same image or
the same kind of class of image,
I might want to render at different sizes.
Right now, I just have Hero Desktop and
Hero Mobile,
which are these giant images that I'm
sending down to everybody all the time.
I could save a lot of bytes if I
just shipped a smaller image that
was more appropriate for the size
of the device that was being viewed